Replace broken link to aws-presigned-url example (#125)
transloadit/uppy.io: docs/uploader/aws-s3.mdx

```

See the

> [aws-php example in the uppy repository](https://github.com/transloadit/uppy/tree/main/examples/aws-php)

Reviewer: The Node.js example is probably more up-to-date
```suggestion
[aws-nodejs example in the uppy repository](https://github.com/transloadit/uppy/tree/HEAD/examples/aws-nodejs)
```
Although we could certainly link to both.
